Address review comments from the pyopensci reviewers (#7325)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/tutorial/installation.rst

    $ conda create --name sunpy
    # Only run the following two lines
    # if you have NOT installed miniforge or added conda-forge to your channels

>     # Please do not add these lines if you are using Anaconda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Do not run these lines if you are using Anaconda
```
